I object.
This is Mr. Kobayashi
Mr. Kobayashi's spirit in heaven
How is that possible?
We watched him die
Chen Shixian long time no see
You're not dead?
Husband is not saying that if I can come back to life
Are you dismissive of tens of billions of family assets?
I'm here to get pregnant. It's impossible
But this face
Why do you look exactly like everyone else?
Linmer has passed away
He is a fake
To compete for the Lin family estate
October 15, 2017
You fell in love with me at the first sight.
May 20, 2021
We got married
You said you would love me forever
March 28, 2024
You prepared a birthday surprise for me at the edge of the cliff
Enough, Kobayashi is not dead
Great, God has eyes
Your home is saved.
We support Mr. Kobayashi
Support Mr. Kobayashi
I'm back!
Lin's doesn't bother you to be happy.
In my capacity as President of Lin's, I held a shareholder meeting
I hope you will attend on time
3 years of the devil